Ref/docs (#450)
edgelesssys/marblerun: docs/docs/intro.md

# Welcome to MarbleRun

MarbleRun is a framework for deploying distributed confidential computing applications.
MarbleRun acts as a confidential operator for your deployment. Think of a trusted party in the control plane.

> Build your confidential microservices with tools like [EGo, Gramine, or similar runtime](./features/runtimes.md), orchestrate them with Kubernetes on an SGX-enabled cluster, and let MarbleRun take care of the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build your confidential microservices with tools like [EGo, Gramine, or similar runtimes](./features/runtimes.md), orchestrate them with Kubernetes on an SGX-enabled cluster, and let MarbleRun take care of the rest.
```

> Build your confidential microservices with tools like [EGo, Gramine, or similar runtime](./features/runtimes.md), orchestrate them with Kubernetes on an SGX-enabled cluster, and let MarbleRun take care of the rest.

Reviewer: You can either say "with tools like EGo and Gramine" or "with EGo, Gramine, or similar runtimes", but not both.

Deploy end-to-end secure and verifiable AI pipelines or crunch on sensitive big data in the cloud. Confidential computing at scale has never been easier.

MarbleRun simplifies the process by handling much of the groundwork.
It ensures that your app's topology adheres to your specified manifest.
It verifies the identity and integrity of all your services, bootstraps them, and establishes secure, encrypted communication channels.
As your app needs to scale, MarbleRun manages the addition of new instances, ensuring their secure verification.

> MarbleRun provides comprehensive access and privilege management through its role-based access control (RBAC) feature. This can be used to enforce security policies such as 4-eye principles and other verification procedures in your operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MarbleRun provides comprehensive access and privilege management through its role-based access control (RBAC) feature. You can use this to enforce security policies such as four-eyes principles and other verification procedures in your operations.
```

> For added simplicity, MarbleRun offers a single remote attestation statement for your entire app. Anyone can use this to verify the integrity of your distributed app, making it easier to assure stakeholders of your app's security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep things simple, MarbleRun offers a single remote attestation statement for your entire app. Anyone can use this to verify the integrity of your distributed app, making it easier to assure stakeholders of your app's security.
```
The previously used phrase is much more common and is in line with the "Write like you speak" approach of the MS style guide.
